I am your father
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Why so serious?
I'll have what she's having
This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship
We'll always have Paris
Bond. James Bond
I see dead people
I'll be back
You can't handle the truth!
E.T phone home
Yippie-ki-yay, mother fucker!
To infinity and beyond!
Houston, we have a problem
You had me at hello
There's no crying in baseball!
Here's Johnny!
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me, aren't you?
Carpe Diem. Seize the day, boys
Leave the gun, take the cannoli
Show me the money!
Say hello to my little friend
You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya punk?
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.
You don't understand! I could've had class. I could've been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
Shaken, not stirred
I'm the king of the world!
Mama says, 'Stupid is as stupid does.'
Just keep swimming
If you built it, he will come
I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way.
I'm having an old friend for dinner
Play it, Sam. Play 'As Time Goes By.'
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
Hasta la vista, baby
The Dude abides
I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
Stella! Hey, Stella!
After all, tomorrow is another day!
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you?
Go ahead, make my day
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
It's alive! It's alive!
Argo fuck yourself
My precious
Good morning, Vietnam!
I wish I knew how to quit you
That'll do, pig, that'll do
Elementary, my dear Watson
I don't want to survive. I want to live.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room!
You ain't heard nothin' yet! 
Wax on, wax off
Yo, Adrian!
Nobody's perfect
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?
They're here!
They call it a Royale with cheese.
I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!
It was Beauty killed the Beast
I'm walking here! I'm walking here!
These go to eleven
Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown
Chewie, we're home
As if!
You make me want to be a better man
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
I drink your milkshake!
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the true emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.
You complete me
If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.